Docs: Shortened lead-in sections and moved content in feature guides – part 2. (#13629)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/features/read-only.md

{@snippet features/read-only-build}

> CKEditor 5 offers an out-of-the-box read-only mode. You can use it to prevent some users from editing your content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CKEditor 5 offers an out-of-the-box read-only mode. You can use it to prevent users under certain circumstances from editing your content.
```
